# Продвижение

The capital required for development and release of the FreePe project will be secured through a crowdfunding campaign - FreePe Initial Coin Offering (hereinafter referred to as “ICO”). ICONOMI will issue 23500 FreePenny tokens. FreePenny tokens will be Colu-based tokens of value.
ICO will be open to everyone between 25. 8. 2016 8:00 UTC and 29. 9. 2016 20:00 UTC. During this time, a special FreePe ICO page will be available at freepe.io where ICO participants will be able to generate user accounts. ICONOMI ICO website will guide participants thought the deposit process.
ICONOMI will issue 23 500 FreePenny tokens (FPN) after the crowdfunding campaign successfully starts. 100 % of the FreePenny tokens represent 100 % ownership of the FreePe project, comprising of all assets and liabilities, as well as each and every right and obligation, including but not limited to intellectual property rights, branding and trademarks.
All investments inherently carry risks. You may not receive the value of your investment back. With ICO participation you acknowledge you fully understand all risks associated with it. Any decision whether to participate or not is yours. We do not provide any investing advice and any information we provide should not be construed as such. All provided information is for informative purposes only and does not constitute specific advice. It does neither constitute a solicitation, offer or recommendation to invest in, or dispose of, any investment. If you are in any doubt as to the suitability of an investment, you should seek independent financial advice. We do not provide financial or taxation advice and you should always consult a financial expert or taxation specialist in order to fully understand the possible consequences of investing.
In no event shall Cashila be liable for any lost profits, lost savings or incidental, indirect, special or consequential damages, arising out of your use or inability to use the services and/or products offered by Cashila or the breach of any of the terms of Cashila even if advised of the possibility of such damages.